the moment you realize the next step
isn't going to kill you and that next
step is the first step to evolving
changing growing and learning and
becoming literally the best version of
yourself that's the most beautiful thing
it's not going to kill you and putting
yourself in the game you're giving
yourself an opportunity to achieve
something that everybody else that was
impossible everybody welcome to impact
Theory you're here my friends because
you believe that human potential is
nearly limitless but you know that
having potential is not the same as
actually doing something with it so our
goal with this show and company is to
introduce you to the people and ideas
that will help you actually execute on
your dreams
alright today's guest is one of the most
prolific ultra endurance athletes in the
world
he's a Guinness world record holder two
times over first in 2010 he broke the
record for half iron man's by running 22
in a 30 week period then not satisfied
with Pat in 2012 he set the record for
most iron distance triathlons in a
single year by doing 30 then because he
didn't feel he'd been adequately tested
yet he set out to find the very limits
of mankind's capabilities by completing
50 iron distance triathlons in 50 states
in 50 consecutive days he was told he
was crazy people doubted it can be done
but in his heart he believed he could
find a way through during the ordeal he
rarely got more than four hours sleep at
night and all in a moving vehicle had
five small kids in tow was so tired he'd
fall asleep while eating while talking
and most terrifyingly
while writing during the biking portions
of the race he suffered from
catastrophic cramping swollen feet
mangled toes inclement weather including
extreme rain extreme heat and at one
point getting hypothermic during his
swim but despite all of that he still
managed to finish it is an
accomplishment so incredible that ultra
endurance athlete and best-selling
author Rich roll called it one of the
greatest achievements in the history of
human endurance
four-time ironman world champion Chris
mcCormick has said of him that he has
proven that if you want it badly enough
you can achieve anything so please help
me in welcoming the man known as the
iron cowboy the incredible public
speaker and coach and the author of the
iron cowboy redefined impossible James
Lawrence thank you for coming on the
show
absolutely what you've done is pure
insanity and it would be crazy no matter
who did it but that just a few what
years before you really got serious you
were huffing and puffing your way
through a four mile fun run isn't that
fun that is so weird like I really do
want to dismiss you as just being like
gifted in some way this is my biggest
pet peeve understandably so because like
when somebody does something perceived
as great
it's almost written off because they're
assumed to be gifted for sure like
Shaquille O'Neal dude's got some genetic
freak miss about him when somebody says
you only accomplished this because XYZ I
like that that that's pretty
understandable what is it that you tap
into that you focused on is it just
insane training is it mental toughness
like what have you done to be able to do
this yeah I always like to say that the
secret to success is doing a lot of
little things consistently over a long
period of time like people to see the
headline the 50 yeah but they don't
realize there was a decade that went
into that of training and building up to
it everything you know you can only get
so physically fit for a challenge and
that at that point in time you're mining
your body have to come into alignment
and then the mind takes over and you
know one of the biggest questions I get
is how do I come or become mentally
tough and you know a lot of people say
oh you're either born with it or is it
something that you can develop and I'm
in the the camp of its it's a
development process
it's anybody can do it and I mean it
started for me in seventh grade I grew
up as a wrestler in Canada and I lost my
very first match in fact I lost almost
every match after that the entire season
why did you keep going yeah I just you
know I'm the type of person that I don't
I don't love to be defined by those
moments it was like the fight the 5k
that I have fun for the four mile fun
run I don't like the word fun and run
together but either yeah yeah how many
people do you see running around smiling
yeah but but for me I I don't I don't
enjoy those moments to define me and and
I want to I want to overcome that and
and so I I would wake up and study the
sport and and show up and you know that
you always here is show up early and
stay late and and I really did that and
by the time I hit my senior year went
undefeated and it's not because I had
any talent it's because I was willing to
show up that that's really incredible
that notion of consistency like your
message is intoxicating to me because I
really want to believe that if you
really want to do something that it can
be broken down systematically so walk us
through that the like what you were
doing to your mind what were you doing
to your body post fun run so you do the
fun run people are passing you with
strollers you're a little bit
embarrassed you don't like that clearly
don't want to be defined by it the worst
part was when your wife sits you down on
Thanksgiving and and and clearly says
the words you're pathetic Wow
yeah lovingly she said it right but says
those words and had liked like only a
wife can but then she says you know what
I'm gonna sign us both up for the Salt
Lake City Marathon and we're gonna go on
a journey all together and it's in five
months and and so I just no idea what I
was doing
Dovan and just tried to figure this out
and ended up running the the marathon
and no word of a lie I hated every
single step just because I was way out
of my element I'd taken on too much too
early
and when I finished that race I had some
some tickets I'm a big mixed martial
arts fan and there was a local event
there and I went to the fight with the
but to the fights with my buddy and I
was so exhausted i sat down to enjoy the
evening and the fights all ended and I
went to get to stand up to leave and I
couldn't whoa both my legs and knees had
swollen up so bad so in the matcha twist
of environments I've got to get a
wheelchair brought in well cart me out
of the stadium because I couldn't walk
and again it was one of those moments
that I wasn't gonna allow that to define
me I was like that that's that's where
my endurance journey ends or is that
where it starts right and so me for me
that's where it starts everybody says I
have bad knees and I say you have bad
knees because you don't run and because
that guy right there in that Stadium
that couldn't get up and walk after his
marathon shouldn't have had gone on and
did what I did which means also that I'm
not talented or gifted it was it was a
process that I went through and figured
it out hmm
I was I was obsessed with was not with
that not being my defining moment right
that's really interesting so I'm
imagining it you're sitting there MMA
fights super macho wheelchairs coming
yeah at that point
are you planning about like okay I'm now
I'm gonna kick this thing's ass or ya
know in that moment I was never running
again walk me through that process so I
get asked all the time like people ask
you how to develop mental toughness
people ask me how do you find that
passion and one thing I'm obsessed with
is obsession and I think that when you
and I believe it's cultivated right so
if you can cultivate create an obsession
in your life then there's a certain
momentum that carries forward so how did
you go from I'm never running again to
really becoming obsessed with getting
good at these three sports one of which
by the way is running yeah what was that
was that a process for you or did you
feel like now it was like a bug that bit
me and it just sort of took over I think
there's a little bit of both because
I really gravitated towards the cycling
and the swimming was a challenge for me
and the running in in a sprint
triathlons only 5k and it's it's more
speed and explosiveness which was fun
because I was you know from wrestling
it's its endurance but its strength and
speed and so that was kind of my
background and to have the early success
that I did in sprint triathlon it was a
lot of fun do you think about winning or
is this all like you versus you kind of
thing it it's both because I've won some
races and that's always fun but now as I
get old and older perspective always
changes I honestly still think my
fastest Ironman is still inside me
really yeah and you want to bring it out
or I do yeah again people see the 50
which was a kind of an endurance
completion type of thing and I've been
criticised that I don't have speed well
again they don't see that ten years
prior to when I did have speed and the
foundation that I built the biggest
mistake that I think people make with
with endurance racing is the same
mistake that I made a decade ago was a
marathon was the pinnacle of running at
the time and I only gave myself five
months to get ready for it and I I coach
full-time now with athletes and one of
the biggest things I try to get people
to do is back down off the hinge
duration and let's build a foundation
because because having a giant goal is
phenomenal and you should but as long as
the time frame associated with it is has
the proper balance because when I when I
did the first world record had I had the
idea to do 50 consecutive it still
would've been a great goal but not in
that year I had to go through the
process and take my knocks and learn and
evolve and grow to get to that point
where I could even you know toe the line
for 50 how much of the learning and
growing was your body growing and
getting stronger and
more capable and how much was knowing
how to deal with what you were gonna go
through mentally yeah both play a very
pivotal role because the amount of
volume that I was doing it's the smaller
stabilizers ligaments tendons that that
don't develop as fast as as muscles do
and that's why a lot of people get hurt
because they go too quick with the
development of these things and their
muscles will always grow faster than the
smaller stabilizers things and people
aren't paying attention to those details
and they just get so excited with with
the the enormity of the journey that
they're not paying attention to those
small things and if you overlook those
you're gonna get injured and you're
gonna be sidelined mentals obviously
huge and that is the sword that you have
to continually sharpen so again the goal
would have been great
in 2010 I wasn't nearly mentally tough
enough I had to go through that process
to where I could wake up and and do it
it's just it's like a muscle it's like a
cardiovascular system it's it's
something that you can develop but it
takes time confidence builds confidence
and success builds success and having
not taken the right steps I would have I
would have ultimately failed come come
time for the 50 now you've talked about
the development of the alter ego the
iron cowboy and man at first it came to
me is like a passing reference and then
the more I researched it the more I got
into it I'm utterly fascinated get us
inside that like what does that look
like is it flipping a switch what are
the traits that the DOE has yeah so
initially the iron cowboy literally was
I work how do I hat during the marathon
or run portion of my races so my kids
could see me coming right and then the
beard evolved and if you take a real
close look at my logo it's the beard in
the cowboy hat okay right and then yeah
yeah and then turn it sideways it's I
see for iron cowboy nice that's a lot of
thought went into it but day 30 wool
fast forward all the way to day 30 of
the 50 when massive struggle massively
trying to figure things out incredible
amounts of trauma day 30 I'm in
Connecticut and I'm 80 miles into the
bike ride
and I literally pull off to the side of
the road i Chuck my bike and I curl into
a ball and I start crying and I had to
start focusing on all the reasons and
and whys I was out there and by
themselves one reason was not enough for
me to get back on my bike and do 20 more
ironmans but as I started going through
the list of everything that I was doing
and why I was doing it it's interesting
I would gather them all together and I'd
focus on this this big ball and I would
bring it in close to me and as soon as I
focused on that I started to experience
a rebirth because now I was focusing on
the very very next moment that I had
control over and everything that I was
trying to accomplish and why I was there
and and I call this process now looking
back on it both a rebirth and putting on
my uniform which was the alter ego and
my uniform is those yellow sunglasses
you've seen me wearing some of my
pictures and when I put those glasses on
that's when the iron cowboy comes out
and that dude is a bad bad man and
there's nothing that's gonna get in his
way and and I do a lot of speaking from
stage now and I want to encourage people
to find whatever their uniform is find
whatever their alter ego is because when
you discover that and and how to flip
that switch that that's when nothing
gets in your way and that's where you
shift your focus and you realize what
your purpose is and and I knew if I had
the courage to get back on my bike and
and finish that day and then do the 20
more my life would be different that
you're thinking that while you're there
on the ground and this whole process was
about eight minutes the whole thing from
complete meltdown to breaking all of the
purposes and wise down to the
realization the rebirth and getting back
on and going and it can happen that
quick and we're we're moments away every
day from a decision that's going to
they change their life every single
moment of every single day has a massive
impact on where you ultimately end up
and so that was a huge turning point but
it was all the decisions before and
after that led to that moment if the
journey you're on is big enough and it's
gonna have enough impact and and change
your life and other people's lives one
reason it's not gonna be big enough and
you need to put a lot of thought and a
lot of preparation and a lot of
meditation into all of the reasons why
because at some point in time you're
going to need to gather all those little
bad boys up and then and intently focus
on it to have enough courage to get back
up and do 20 more irons after everything
that we went through and let's talk
about the whys for a second because so
putting you in context I love how you
said when I tell people that it did this
everyone's assumption is that I'm rich
and single and I'm married and I have
five Kit five kids and we're not rich so
it hearing some of the struggles that
you guys went through and you know like
the kids having to sleep around the
fireplace because there was no heater in
their room and you know living like
literally near starvation wages and yet
you guys were setting these grand goals
for the family why well here's here's a
lot of people don't know about the
journey because they just see the
headline leading up to a massive shift
in our lives you know I was middle
America owned my own mortgage company I
emigrated from another country and I was
gonna live the American dream I was
going to be a business owner and and I
had the future my hands well if you
follow the u.s. economics at all in 2008
the mortgage sector got hit the hardest
and we lost everything
we fought and fought and fought and they
just continued to take and take and take
until they took it all and again it's
one of those moments where you can allow
it to define you and continue to beat
you down or you can look at it as a
blessing and a turning point and turn it
into a different future and for me it
was the greatest thing that ever
happened to me
to hit hit that rock bottom because I
would have never made the shift that we
did and I would probably still be
miserable today writing loans and it
wasn't me it wasn't who I am
authentically and and once this happened
and they stripped us away of everything
my wife and I sat down as a family and
we talked about what do we want to do
what direction can we take what are our
passions and how can we evolve and do
something together and we started to
plot all of this out and minoo we were
heavily heavily criticized for the
decisions we were making early on but
because people couldn't see the big
picture they couldn't see what we knew
in our minds as far as where we were
going and like I said it took a decade
but now looking back on it it was just a
decade and we have the rest of our lives
now to go have an impact and hopefully
change the generation I would have never
ever in my wildest dreams thought I'd be
sitting somewhere like here talking to
you I am currently booked in 40
countries to speak in the next 12 months
wow that's uh that is astonishing so why
through how you didn't panic when
everything gets stripped away cuz in
that moment most people are in
fight-or-flight we're literally blood
has left their prefrontal cortex the
their higher-level cognition is gone and
they're not able to think clearly most
people panic take the first job they can
or whatever they certainly don't map
something out that's a grand enough
vision that they can survive criticism
yeah
I am very easygoing and and I had an
upbringing where my mother is there's a
dreamer and she's never been able to
figure out how to turn the dreams into
something tangible or profitable and
then my dad is a blue-collar firefighter
you work 40 years you get a pension
and you take no risks and and I I didn't
love either of those paths and so I I
married the two together in order to
kind of make this this person that could
could have success and I'm my
personality to bring into that mix is a
very calm and easygoing person that just
goes with the flow and I think it takes
a dreamer with vision that has
incredible work ethic that has the
ability to move and flow as things
evolve and change and to me that is is
almost a perfect storm to achieve
something that everybody has said
impossible because you have to be calm
you have to not listen to all of the
chatter and the noise you have to be
able to block that out you have to have
extreme vision and then nothing happens
without that work ethic that I learned
from my dad and so that all of those
things together is what allowed me to
conceptualize and become in those
moments because I took all of these
beautiful things that I had learned in
my upbringing and applied it to tip
towards this how did you find your
authentic self like as it's all
collapsing and you realize hey maybe
this actually is a good thing how did
you then look inward and find what you
and Sonny could collectively fall in
love with yeah I think for me is it was
it was a moment that I realized that I
needed to stop listening to everybody
else we're surrounded today by people
being satisfied with mediocre and and
for me as soon as I realized that I I
could believe in myself and I had a
supporting crew beside me and around me
that it opened up a lot of the doors and
the moment I used someone else's
standard of excellence that was just
enough to get me moving
and then you need to put that person
aside or look past that person and
create or do you create your own lane
and so so for me you know once I stopped
looking at what everybody else was doing
and then truly believed in what I could
do that
you know combining it with all those
character traits that I talked about
before that
that's when human potential is truly
truly can be found and experienced how
did you develop the belief in yourself I
think just over over a long period of
time again it's that whole mental aspect
of sharpening that tool and putting
yourself in in situations where you can
learn and grow success field success and
confidence builds confidence and just
over time as I started to do things I
was I was becoming successful at them
and I was taking as did a lot of little
things consistently over a long period
of time and that's what allowed me to
build the confidence to take on the next
the next the next and so it's just it
was learned it was learned by doing and
taking massive amounts of action you
have to have to immediately act and and
go after it
yeah and what are you teaching your kids
about failure for instance like how do
you talk to them about the loss of the
business yeah we're really open about
stuff like this with our kids because we
want them to learn and evolve and grow
and you know if they make a commitment
we hold them to it good example is my
daughter she wanted to do gymnastics and
about halfway through she was like this
is too hard and I was like yeah you
signed up you've got to you got to see
it through and she did and she's a she
she advanced so quickly and started to
see success she loves it she stayed in
it but it's something she said she was
going to do and she needed to see that
through and so and that's one thing I'm
really big on is if you say you're gonna
do something you do and that's just
example I try to set now and I also
believe that kids are a product of our
environments and if you want your kids
to be excellent you have to be
yourself and so it was one of the things
that I'm laying there on the side of the
road at 30 with 20 ironmans to go I said
and I told my kids I would do this and
what what type of example would I be
setting if I if 30 would have been okay
now it would have been world setting I
know it's the world setting but I would
have been the guy that said he was going
to do 50 that did did 30 and it would
have been considered a failure and so it
was really really important to me to do
what I said I was going to do at
whatever it took to do that and and I
think that's a very valuable lesson for
for kids to see and to learn as you said
any goal you want dream vision whatever
you do the work it takes to get there
and then once you start executing you
see that through yeah it's just just a
legacy that I want to leave for my kids
oh do you think about identity at all
like do you think this is who I am and
I'm a collection of basically things
that I say that I am yes and now what
I've what I've learned kind of looking
back at what I've done is those are
they're just milestones I've crossed a
lot of finish lines I get the question
what's next a lot and what's next
doesn't have to be in the same physical
or mental category and for me what's
next is this opportunity now we've
written a book and I get to like I get
to go around and I get a speak and my
the only thing I'm trying to do is to
get people to open their minds as to
what is possible we're just we're living
in an age where we're limiting what we
think is as possible we're getting in
our own way and and my my thing that I
want to get people to do and you've
probably heard somebody say before but
motion creates emotion the hardest thing
to do is start moving engaging once you
start to move and engage you realize two
things one it's not it's not as scares
you thought it was and two you actually
start enjoying what you're doing it was
the only thing that was scary
was the the first moment the first
action dude I'm I'm just like every
ordinary dude that's out there I just
have learned to put myself in the game
I've learned to show up every single day
the moment you realize the next step
isn't going to kill you and that next
step is the first step to evolving
changing growing and learning and
becoming literally the best version of
yourself
that's the most beautiful thing it's not
going to kill you and putting yourself
in the game you're giving yourself an
opportunity to achieve something that
everybody else said was impossible yeah
it's really incredible what do you teach
your kids about that what about
goal-setting like do you tell them two
huge goals or what does that look like
yeah you know they're young and so they
obviously know that I'm an advocate of
huge goals I heard one of your guests
recently say there's a difference
between vision and huge goals and I
really like that I want my kids to have
vision and I want them to have huge
goals and the thing about huge goals is
you almost have to take the huge goal
and shelf it don't forget about it but
shelf it and now focus on everything
that's small to get there you have to be
you have to know that it's there but in
order to achieve it you have to break it
down because it's gonna be overwhelming
so for us example my journey started
with Hawaii Alaska Washington and in
order to get off the island of Hawaii in
time we had to start at midnight so we
didn't go to sleep did I man number one
touchdown in Alaska with just enough
time to start our man number two got on
a plane touchdown Washington with just
enough time to die my number three so
three days three ironmans three states a
total of six and a half hours of sleep
on a commercial airline in coach with
five kids and so if you want to back
yourself into a corner this is the worst
possible way to do it because I woke up
on day number four overwhelmed exhausted
with no clue how I was possibly going to
do 47
more ironmans I mean just just massively
overwhelmed I knew what the goal was I
never lost sight of it but believe you
me I had to focus on literally the next
step and that's when it started so early
on Dana refirming we were dealing with
such fatigue I was falling asleep on the
bike I had to figure out and concentrate
so intently to not fall asleep on the
bike and as you know I I ultimately did
on day 18 I lost the battle and I fell
asleep on my bike and crashed a lot of
people don't know too because I didn't
talk about it very much but I'm day
number five I tore my shoulder
I had to figure out how to swim 45 iron
mans with one arm I could figure this
out I just had to manage and become
mentally strong with the pain I love
that your wife sunny said in an
interview the problem is most people
don't know what they want as a coach
what do you say or as a speaker what do
you say to somebody who they don't know
what they want I've got a friend right
now who's massively struggling and it's
the exact question I asked him I said
what do you want what's your passion
what are you trying to accomplish he
could not answer the question and so my
next question was this is what you have
to do first you have to find out what
you want and where you want to go then
we can start formulating the plan you
can't formulate a plan to figure out the
steps unless you know where you're
trying to go you'll just spin around in
circles and it probably move backwards
how can you go somewhere if you don't
know where you're trying to go and what
you're trying to achieve and you have a
process that people can use to find that
thing to find that thing I'm it's gonna
be different for every single person
just like my kids with with sports and
different things that they're doing
they're trying a lot of different things
allow yourself to have opportunities
here's here's what people do is they get
dead set on the journey that they want
to take and they're so rigid with how
they're gonna get there that they don't
see the door over here
and they don't see the bend in the river
and they try to cut because they they
know they're going right here and they
try to cut through
well they didn't know had this Bend of
the river there was a paradise and a
picnic waiting for them that would have
opened up a door maybe their sweetheart
was waiting there for them
don't be so rigid with how you're gonna
get there because that's how you're
gonna discover what your passions are
and who and who's who's supposed to be
on your journey and that's that's how
truly you're gonna discover what your
passions are by showing up every day
digging grinding hustle whatever you
want to call it and being open to all
the opportunities yeah for sure
what's the relationship that you have to
the negative voice in your head because
I've got to imagine when you're running
or swimming or biking and it hurts it's
kicking up the you can stop you should
stop what are you doing your foot hurts
your knee swollen right like how do you
deal with that it knows it knows to no
longer even show up really yeah so
literally that that isn't your struggle
when you're competing no and I think
it's because I I overcame and I did the
hardest thing that I've ever done and
now everything is an is an adventure and
it knows it has no space and so you you
have you know my mother I love her and
she always said to me she said and I
know she didn't make it up but she said
ten percent of life is what happens to
you 90 percent of life is how you choose
to react to him and I've even lessened
that 10 percent of what happens to you
and I don't even the doors not even open
he's not welcome yeah and so they didn't
come in because I'll just slam in his
face I say in one of my videos that you
have to have a hundred two hundred three
hundred percent conviction on what
you're doing it's not even worth
starting don't even bother
the the panic button for us on the fifty
or and anything that I do now it doesn't
even exist it's not even an option
there's there's there's only problem
solving and if people can realize that
there's always an answer or always a
solution then there is no room for for
criticism and you quickly replace that
with problem solve if you're busy trying
to solve problems you don't have time to
have that conversation with mr. negative
mr. down talk to me about that standard
of excellence you mentioned that earlier
and I didn't jump on it then and I
really want to jump on it now I have a
personal obsession with standards of
excellence with holding myself to a
standard and one thing that I've I've
always struggled with is I hold myself
to a ridiculous standard which is the
reason I've been successful by the way
so like you so the success that I've had
in business is not because I presented
any extraordinary talents or anything
like that my own mother quietly assumed
I was gonna fail like just nobody ever
really expected much for me other than
me and so I wanted to achieve it in just
an absurdly high level but that meant
that I had to be relentless on myself
about it's not enough it's not enough
it's not enough you have to get better
you have to learn more you have to learn
faster you have to be faster right just
like always always about skill
acquisition so it was only very briefly
about something external and then very
quickly became about the internal
journey of just getting better and
better and better but then I don't hold
other people to that standard and then
and I always thought that was a good
thing and now I'm going through this
period where I think it's one of the
biggest mistakes I've ever made in my
life as a leader is to not hold other
people to my standard and to let people
off the hook but I don't know if I'm
right and so I'm really hoping you got
some answers for me yeah for me I one
thing I've learned as I can't I can't
change anybody they have to be in a
space and ready to do it and do it for
themselves and so for me to hold
somebody to my standard I think is
somewhat unfair now I hate excuses I
hate entitlement I want to hold people
to that standard but it's not fair
because they're on their own journey and
I and I I'm not living from their
perspective everybody's heart is
different
and for me to judge somebody else to my
standard is unfair because I don't know
where they are in their journey and they
could be at a beginning stages and it
would have been unfair to judge me at
24:41 today learned a lot and I've grown
a lot so my standard of
one is different than my standard at 24
so if I'm trying to hold a 24-year old
to my standard probably not realistic
maybe I'm cautioning people that are
listening to take a step back and to
understand take a minute to understand
what that person's heart possibly is and
where they are on their journey in
retrospect to where you are in your
journey
that's really really insightful I love
that a lot and knowing what somebody's
heart is I think is I'm gonna use that
that's really really interesting I want
to talk about your wife for a second who
like did this whole journey with you
guys as a couple is pretty extraordinary
oddly enough my wife and I have been
together for 17 years as well how have
you guys like learned to communicate
what are some tools and tactics that you
guys have used like my wife and I define
terms so what does it mean when you say
I promise what does it mean when you say
it's important to me so we have a bunch
of things like that that we call rules
of engagement where it's like we know
how to act in a given scenario and I
know there was one time where I can't
remember what Ironmen you were doing but
you had crumbled down and you didn't
want to get back up and your wife wanted
to speak to you on the phone you refused
to take it because you knew yeah that
she'd never take no for an answer
yeah you know obviously my wife and I've
evolved a lot together and I'm a huge
part of that is is communication and we
apply we do the same thing with our kids
did if you're struggling in what you're
doing and getting on the same page over
communicate and then just love each
other for who they are all right before
I ask my final question working these
guys find you online
everything is on iron cowboy.com and all
the links and everything on there all my
social media is iron cowboy James and
yeah it's all there nice what is the
impact that you want to have on the
world and the impact I I am not here
today
to change anybody and we just had a good
conversation about people at different
times of their journey and for me I
literally just want to have people
understand that you have to move to
start feeling something and if you move
and start feeling something you're on
your way to the best version of yourself
and the impact that I want to have is
just to have the ability to get you to
live outside of the existence that
you're in it to open it up to what's
truly possible and if I can just get
people to understand that you're in your
own way and to open up Pandora's box per
se then you'll truly find what your
limits are and I hope that you don't
find your limits that you exceed your
limits I love that James thank you so
much for coming on guys guys trust me
when I say this is a world that as you
go in you are truly going to be
empowered there is something about
watching another human being struggle
with their own limitations to overcome
the unimaginable and the way that he
documented his journey so that you're
really there with him whether you're
watching the videos the documentary
reading the book all of it really
invites you inside his mind so that you
can understand what he had to overcome
so you can understand how he functions
with his kids his wife it is this
absolutely incredible story of making no
excuses of being able to do all of this
stuff with a family without huge
financial backing it's really just about
somebody that dared to have a huge
audacious goal and I hope everybody
heard then break it back down to what's
the step I need to take today how do i
execute today how do I get better to
have that plan of execution in order to
be able to pull off the grand thing that
you want to do and knowing that he did
it not from some extraordinary gift of
genetics but really just doing a lot of
little things consistently right so show
up figure out what your journey is get
as he said to get that feeling and to
know that success breeds success
confidence breeds confidence and you
guys will be able to do anything you
want that is what everybody says about
this guy that his journey is gonna prove
that to you in no uncertain terms and
I'm telling you researching him was such
a powerful reminder for me that the only
limits are the limits that I set for
myself all right if you haven't already
be sure to subscribe and until next time
my friends be legendary take care hey
everybody thank you so much for watching
and being a part of this community if
you haven't already be sure to subscribe
you're gonna get weekly videos on
building a growth mindset cultivating
grit and unlocking your full potential